https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-19862 (#7766)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/mce_known_issues.adoc

[#cluster-issues-cim]
== Central infrastructure management

[#install-sno-ocp-infra]
=== A {sno} cluster installation requires a matching {ocp-short} with {infra}

> If you want to install a {sno} cluster with an {ocp} version before 4.19, your `InfraEnv` custom resource and your booted host must use the same {ocp-short} version that you are using to install the {sno} cluster. The installation fails if the versions do not match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to install a {sno} cluster with an {ocp} version earlier than 4.19, your `InfraEnv` custom resource and your booted host must use the same {ocp-short} version that you are using to install the {sno} cluster. The installation fails if the versions do not match.
```

Reviewer: Btw, why are we mentioning 4.19 at this time? When is this RN supposed to be released?

Author: Good catch, I think @CrystalChun may have meant to add this to 2.14? Can you confirm?

If not, I'll change it to 4.18

Reviewer 2: Hey, sorry, I thought ACM 2.13 supported spoke clusters installed using OCP 4.19. 

I'm confirming with the person who made the claim right now. (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-54904?focusedId=27090366&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-27090366)

Author: @CrystalChun Any update here?

Reviewer 2: They haven't answered yet, but I'd say we should match the information provided in the [support matrix](https://access.redhat.com/articles/7099672). So this can be a new known issue for ACM 2.14 and if it happens to change in the future, we can revisit adding it to ACM 2.13.

Author: Thanks, I'll close this and open a new PR for just 2.14

Reviewer 2: Thanks Oliver!

To work around the issue, edit your `InfraEnv` resource before you boot a host with the Discovery ISO, and include the following content:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: agent-install.openshift.io/v1beta1
kind: InfraEnv
spec:

>   osImageVersion: 4.16

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I didn't include this in my example in the Jira ticket, but the value is a string and should be in quotes

```suggestion
  osImageVersion: "4.16"
```

Looks great otherwise, thanks Oliver!
